1.  As a client, I want to be able to book events from any place that has internet and at anytime, so that I do not need to go or contact storefront to place a booking. 

2. As a client, I want to see the storefront room.s layout, so that I can plan number of attendees and room arrangement for the event.

3. As a client, I want to book same event for multiple times, so that I do not need to submit same booking requests at multiple times.

4. As a client, I want to be notify the storefront management about materials that I need for the events, so that the storefront management can prepare materials on the day. 

5. As a client, I want to get notification when my booking request is confirmed, so that I can stop worrying about the place and move on with other planning.

6. As a client, I want to get notification when my booking request is cancelled, so that I look for other dates or places

7. As a client, I want to see available rooms on certain day to book, so that I can plan event.s day and attendee according to availability. 

8. As a client, I want my username and password are stored in my computer, so that I don.t have to type the username and password every time to login into the application.

9. As a client, I want to be able to change my personal information like phone numbers, on the fly, so that I don.t have to contact the administration every time I want to make change about my personal information.

10. As a client, I want my subordinates able to book the events but I.ll confirm the booking request before sending the request, so that I can give booking tasks to my subordinates. 

11. As a public user, I want to see all upcoming events in one place, so that I can easily spot an event that might interest me. 

12. As a public user, I want to see detailed information about certain events, so that I can plan my schedule properly

13. As a front desk in storefront, I want to easily access all clients’ information at first time. So when clients call me, I should fast get into database without any time consuming. 

14: As a front desk in storefront, I want to booking system is available for me. So when clients call me, I should book events for them.

15. As a front desk in storefront, I want to cancel booking system also available for me. So when clients call me, I should cancel the event for them. 

16. As a front desk in storefront, I want to able to put or cancel the people in the waiting. So I can actually do something if the event is full and clients want to do something else.
   
17.As an administrator, I can add a client with their details through an administrator dashboard, so that I can quickly add clients while meeting with them.

18. As an administrator, I can modify/update client details through any interface that shows the client's name in the application, so that the workflow is fluid and intuitive.

19. As  an administrator, I can distinguish between booking requests and confirmed bookings in the calendar, so that I can have a good general overview of the schedule.

20. As an administrator, I can see and distinguish any booking times that have a waiting queue, so that I can  identify the times that are important to handle if someone requests a cancel.

21. As an administrator, I can confirm or deny bookings on the calendar page without leaving the calendar view, so that I can quickly go through all the requests.

22. As  an administrator, I can add bookings manually, so that I can add bookings for any clients that come in personally or phone me.

23. As  an administrator, I can shift/move around scheduled (tentative or confirmed) bookings from the calendar view, so that I can visually (which results in efficiency) reschedule bookings when needed.

24. As  an administrator, I can accept all requests that have no conflicting requests, so that I have more time for other tasks in the office.

25. As  an administrator, I can see a map of the building and the interior and identify the spaces that are currently occupied, so that I can see the status quo of the buildings.

26. As  an administrator, I can add an email for email notifications on the administrator settings page, so that I can get notifications for any events that happen.



